# Project 03 - Image Points

## Reflection
This piece is a tool for people to take any image of their choice and transform it to something new. I mainly applied concepts and techniques such as autonomous agents, noise and randomness, colors, mouse behaviors, and text input. While developing the piece, I tried to find a balance between three things: keeping the original structure of the image, user control, and elements of surprise. 

The basic form of the piece without any further user interaction largely maintains the structure of the original image by turning it into a collection of points that forms a more abstract representation of the image. By hovering on the points and inputting text, users can start to transform this representation further in the way that they want by recoloring certain parts of the image. They can also control the way the image is recolored (randomness or noise), radius of their mouse's effects, and turn on/off the recoloring effect any time during their interaction with the points. This would allow a variety of ways to engage with the piece -- for example, they can be very precise by using a small mouse radius to target only the exact shapes that they want to recolor in the image. 

On the other hand, there are things that users cannot control, such as the randomness and noise processes in recoloring the points based on its original colors and how the text input recolors certain points that roughly resemble the text's shape but doesn't necessarily make the text recognizable. Mouse hovering also changes how the points are spatially aligned for a short amount of time. These elements allow users to explore unexpected effects on their image and what they eventually lead to. For example, if they recolor the entire image to the greatest extent, they will end up with something like a rainbow-colored heatmap, which is almost entirely new. But it still preserves some structure from their original image and can be seen as a highly abstract version of it. 
